 Mobile phone, tablet such can touch interactive electronic products, we are not unfamiliar, and even interactive projection in the classroom has also been heard. By the derivation of the interactive LED floor display, whether you also know about it?
  What is the interactive LED floor display? It is a led display that is spread on the ground like a floor tile. We can step on it directly, and the screen will trigger the corresponding visual effect based on our behavior. Interactive LED floor display is a very common interactive LED display, which is often used in art exhibition halls, stage dances, concerts and other occasions.

  Unlike the conventional LED display, the interactive LED floor display is an led display that is laid on the floor and has a super load-bearing capacity. Standing on the human body directly will not cause damage to the screen. Moreover, the screen will trigger the corresponding display effect according to our walking trajectory, which is interaction.

  The display effect of the interactive led floor display is very interesting: clouds and water, flowers bloom and fall, vegetation… It can always make people’s eyes brightened, and the beautiful pictures make people happy. This is also the reason why interactive LED floor display are often used in art exhibition halls, stage dances, concerts and other occasions. Of course, when conducting historical propaganda, you can also use LED floor display to imitate old war scenes, so that people can feel the tragic picture more accurately.

  The interactive LED floor display adopts a video synchronization control scheme, which achieves the effect of high-resolution soft color display, and completes the perfect combination of stage virtual landscaping and performance interaction. It uses a high-strength toughened glass mask and a strong support device. The interactive LED floor display has a load-bearing capacity of more than 1 ton, strong impact resistance, and can be directly stepped on. The modular design of quick disassembly and assembly, and the excellent protective structure can realize seamless splicing and arbitrary combination.

  The working principle of the interactive LED floor display is first to capture the foot motion of the target image (such as the participant) through the LED interactive screen sensor chip, then by image analysis and system analysis, the captured person or object motion is generated. The operation data is combined with the real-time image interactive system, which enables the participants and the LED interactive floor display to produce a closely integrated real-time interactive effect.

  The technology used in the interactive LED floor display system is hybrid virtual reality technology and motion capture technology, which is a further improvement of virtual reality technology. Virtual reality is a technology that generates three-dimensional images through a computer, displays and interacts with a three-dimensional space. By mixing reality and at the same time the user can manipulate the virtual image of contact with the real environment, thus enhancing the visual experience of the senses.
  Scope of application:

  Science and technology museums, museums, planning museums, tourist attractions, commercial exhibitions, brand exhibition halls, children’s playgrounds, children’s palaces, theme parks, digital information, shopping malls and leisure experience areas, education halls, entertainment venues, etc.

  Features of interactive LED floor display:

Fast and flexible installation: It can be installed directly without tools or on rails.
High load-bearing performance: aluminum alloy material structure, the load-bearing capacity can reach 1.5 tons per square meter.
Excellent maintenance performance: It can be exchanged directly without dismantling adjacent cabinets.
High light transmittance design: use high light transmittance mask, clear playback effect.
Outstanding low-brightness and high-gray effects, uniform grayscale display and good consistency.
  Advantages of interactive LED floor tiles:

The interactive LED floor displayhas made many improvements on the basis of the LED screen, which can save more labor costs compared to the conventional LED floor display.
  Because, at present, although the conventional LED floor display can be used to set the effect in advance through software and digital equipment. Those in the industry who often use related products understand that there are often uncertainties in the exhibition site and event venues. This requires hiring specialized personnel to maintain and adjust the equipment, which will undoubtedly waste a lot of human resources. Moreover, the adjustment and maintenance of manpower are sometimes not timely enough, which will cause great losses. The flexibility and interactivity of interactive floor display can just solve this point.

Compared with the conventional floor display, the interactive floor displayhas another advantage that cannot be compared: fun, which cannot be achieved by the conventional floor display. Interacting with users will bring interest to users, and allowing users to personally add to the creation of display content will leave a deep impression on users, and the drainage ability it brings is unmatched by conventional floor tiles. Moreover, due to the existence of interactivity, the upper limit of content creation is very high, and the creation of good interactive display content will surely create great advantages.
  The interactive LED floor display of Shenzhen HTJ Technology Co., Ltd. can realize that multiple people walking on the screen at the same time will have a sensing effect. Multiple application modes, no need to add a control system, different application modes (floor tile mode, conventional large-screen mode) can be selected for different application scenarios, which is more targeted.

  Shenzhen HTJ Technology Co., Ltd. adopts a self-developed sensing operating system, using proximity sensing technology and Flash video material to realize the sensing interaction between the object and the screen. Compared with infrared sensor, the proximity sensor trigger technology developed by Shenzhen HTJ Technology Co., Ltd. is more accurate, and infrared sensor is easy to trigger by mistake. Compared with radar sensing, proximity sensing is less affected by the environment, and there is no occlusion to cause trigger failure.

  Shenzhen HTJ Technology Co., Ltd. conducts creative design and planning according to the actual needs of the user’s interactive LED floor tile screen project content. Integrate the software and hardware of interactive devices, projects and customer needs. We can provide a variety of interactive exhibits type and manner, to complete the project on-site system installation and commissioning. And improve the after-sales service, free training for users, free maintenance during the warranty period, and provide strong technical support. We have perfect after-sales service, free training for users, free maintenance within the warranty period, and strong technical support.
